chore(session-replay): GA of better session replay view renderer V2 (#5054)
getsentry/sentry-cocoa: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> ![Important]

> > This version makes the new view renderer used by Session Replay generally available.

Reviewer: `m`: I think it is essential to briefly mention that the V2 renderer is better than V1. Something like this could work.
```suggestion
> This version enables the better view renderer V2 used by Session Replay generally available and enables it by default.
```

Author: Happy to iterate, is the updated version okay?

### Improvements

> ![Important]

> > This version enables the experimental view renderer used by Session Replay by default.

Reviewer: `h`: Rolling out a renderer called experimental sounds a bit weird to me. Maybe we rename it to V2 or something.

Author: It's still an experimental view renderer just enabled by default. Why should this be renamed if it is still in experimental state?

Reviewer: It feels weird to enable something experimental per default for a GA product. If we're confident enough to enable it per default for everyone it shouldn't be experimental anymore IMO.

- More logging for Session Replay video info (#5132)
- Improve session replay frame presentation timing calculations (#5133)
- Use wider compatible video encoding options for Session Replay (#5134)

> - GA of new session replay view renderer (#5054)

Reviewer: `m`: Please change the working to V2 and also the PR title.

Author: Not sure if I understand correctly, is the updated version ok?
